alright let's take a quick shot here the
Luthor drive overdrive and the honeybee
by bj fe they are not alike in any way
shape or form so what's the use of doing
this oh just for my own entertainment
pretty much fender blues jr gibson les
paul of the humbug enature a couple of
cool overdrive pedals if I do say so
myself or at least I know one of them is
the other one is supposed to be let's do
it
hey
ah
me
yeah they are actually a lot more
similar than I thought they might be I'm
glad it took a second try with the
honeybee I didn't really go for it with
the single coils in a Telecaster but I
really liked it with the humbuckers on
the les paul loot the dried hung in
there on its own like I said not
designed to be the same type of tone but
they were more similar than I thought
they would be the fender blues jr the 59
historic lease paul the honeybee by bjf
e the luther drive by me contact me if
you want one if you want one of these
you're going to get on the gear page and
shell out about four hundred clams for
it all right
hey